Update Testcontainers version to latest (#8)
testcontainers/workshop: step-6-adding-redis.md

# Step 6: Adding Redis

> If you check Testcontainers' modules, you'll see that there is no Redis module \(at least not yet ;\)\): [https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-java/tree/1.10.7/modules](https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-java/tree/1.10.7/modules)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you check Testcontainers' modules, you'll see that there is no Redis module \(at least not yet ;\)\): [https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-java/tree/1.11.2/modules](https://github.com/testcontainers/testcontainers-java/tree/1.11.2/modules)
```
